Outlook Survey

Microsoft Outlook is an application which acts as a desktop email manager on the front. Outlook takes an existing email address and once added into the Microsoft Outlook registry, it allows the user to manage their emails, calenders and other various smaller actions (such as todo lists and journals). In addition to this, a user can use Microsoft's servers (Microsoft Exchange Server) to allow multiple users to access shared applications (email and calender) or contact each other via Skype meeting.

To a new user, Outlook is similar to any Microsoft Office product where many of the options will be at the taskbar at the top, all categorized in their own particular category. This can be challenging for any users who are not familar with the Office application family, as there are many different categories that require searching. In addition to this, users may have a hard time knowing what each option does initially, which may cause users to be overwhelmed with the vast amount of options. Fortunately this is alleviated with a search function where Outlook will return results similar to what the user is looking for (e.g. searching for calender will return options regarding calender) as well each option has a brief description of what it does when it is hovered over.

Some of the few high level goals that Outlook can help a user achieve are:
(1) Date/meeting management
(2) Email management.

For date/meeting management, Outlook allows one to set up a calender between users through the Microsoft Exchange Server. The date/meeting management is handled similarly to sending an email. The steps can be seen through the diagram above.

Creating new meeting:
1. Users may create a subject
2. Users may set a location
3. Users may set a start time
4. Users may set an end time
5. Users may set the meeting as an all day event
6. Users may enter body text
7. Users will add subjects for the meeting to be sent to
	7.1. Meeting organizer will enter all potential attending members' email address
	7.1.1. Meeting will be sent to all recipients

After the meeting details are sent, receipients will be able to respond to the notification as an email, check the calender or check meeting minutes (if meeting has occurred).

Attending's response
1. Open Meeting Email
	1.1. Respond to email (send reply)
	1.2. Check meeting minutes
	1.3. Check Calendar

For email management, Outlook handles users to manage both their personal email as well as a shared mailbox. This can allow users to send emails inside the shared mailbox or find email addresses with relative ease. The steps can be seen through the diagram above.

Sending Email
1. Users may create a subject
2. Users may set email as a Carbon Copy (CC) to send to multiple people
3. Users may enter a body text
4. Users may check names
	4.1. Users can select the suggested names

5. Users may attach a file/item
6. Users may add a signature
7. Users may add priority/flags to the email
8. Users will add recipients to send to
	8.1. Users will send the email

After the email is sent (via person email or within the shared mailbox), recipients will be able to respond to the email via reply.

1. Open email
	1.1. Reply
	1.2. Reply All
	1.3. Forward email to new recipient
	1.4. Archive email
	1.5. Move email to new folder
	1.6. Add tags to email.
	1.7. Edit the email

For clarity, the diagram does not include a path for Reply, Reply All and Forward because it is essentially the same as the Sending Email diagram.