Secondary Persona

	Mark Muller
		Frankfurt, Germany
		45 Years Old
		Owner of Jaegerbom Brewery

		"All these new technologies, they are so complicated. I just want to make my Jaegerbombastics!"

		Mark Muller is a 45 year old German man and proud owner of the 23 year old established and admired brewery named Jaegerbom Brewery. Mark's brewery works on a 6 day basis with Sundays and holidays being closed, as well Mark is often contacted on an international basis, with a quarter of his customers being from North America. Mark's primary language is German however he has spent enough time conducting business with clients in North America that he speaks English well enough to read and write at greater than beginner level but less than intermediate level. 

		Growing up in Frankfurt, Mark had witnessed the creation of one of Europe's most efficient underground transportation systems in Frankfurt as well as the growth of Frankfurt into a major financial hub. Mark had studied at VLB Berlin (Institute for Fermentation and Biotechnology) as well learned all his successful brewery techniques from his grandfather; with this he also learned to work hard for the days with work and rest well for the days with rest. Because of Mark's education at VLB Berlin and his grandfather's teachings, Mark learned at a young age to combine both the old and new techniques to make a fine tasting brew that would stand the tests of time. He was often remarked as a very intelligent man for using both the techniques; Mark often states that "We can learn from the old masters to become new masters".

		Despite growing up with new technologies being introduced often, Mark could not keep up due to the high costs of technology and as such never learned extensive knowledge about them. Jaegerbom brewery operates with computers that from the 90s, where Mark only knows how to simply send an email on Yahoo and use Yahoo's search engine. As well, Mark suffers from poor eyesight, looking at computer screens for more than 30 minutes causes his eyes to blur. As such, despite Mark being open to combining new techniques to create more efficient techniques, Mark is reluctant to learn about new technologies because of his disability and his minor fear of new technolgies being too complicated for him.

		Mark's close friend Karl who is often trying to introduce him to new ways to integrate him into the technological world, introduced him to LetsMeet. Karl advertised it to Mark as a way to be more efficient at planning meetings with clients as well as a way to spend less time looking at the screen. Mark had given it a try while being worried that his beginner level in computers would be his downfall. However, Mark was pleasantly surprised to find that all of LetsMeet's options had descriptions on what they did, as well the options seemed to walk Mark through the process of planning his meeting with clients. He was simply happy with being able to plan meetings more efficiently but was even more surprised when LetsMeet updated him on when participants would respond to being able to make meetings and periodically reminded participants to respond; it was a welcome change from having to wait for a response from the client when an email was sent. The most appreciation Mark had was that the system was easy to use and he found himself spending less time looking at the screen.

		Mark was estatic Karl had found him a simple and efficient system to use, it was much more informative than an email sent with the meeting information outlined. Karl also agreed to help Mark whenever he didn't understand a function of LetsMeet; to Mark's surprise again, he found he often did not need to call Karl for help. Overall, Mark felt much more confident to learn new technologies and was much more happier knowing that clients would receive the meeting invitations and periodic reminders to respond; he would be able to worry less about meetings not being received or information being missed on an email from his Yahoo account.